core(user-flow): dry run flag (#13837)
GoogleChrome/lighthouse: docs/user-flows.md

- Keep timespan recordings _short_ and focused on a single interaction sequence or page transition.
- Use snapshot recordings when a substantial portion of the page content has changed.
- Always wait for transitions and interactions to finish before ending a timespan. The puppeteer APIs `page.waitForSelector`/`page.waitForFunction`/`page.waitForResponse`/`page.waitForTimeout` are your friends here.

> - Quickly validate your user flow by doing a dry run: `api.startFlow(page, {dryRun: true})`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Quickly validate your user flow with: `api.startFlow(page, {dryRun: true})`.
```

nit
